cisco_ios,cfg,show run
cisco_ios,log,show interface
cisco_ios,log,show interface summary
cisco_ios,log,show interface status
cisco_ios,log,show ip interface brief
cisco_ios,log,show version
cisco_ios,log,show inventory
cisco_ios,log,show vlan brief
cisco_ios,log,show switch detail
cisco_ios,log,show mac address-table
cisco_ios,log,show spanning-tree
cisco_ios,log,show spanning-tree summary
cisco_ios,log,show spanning-tree root
cisco_ios,log,show spanning-tree detail
cisco_ios,log,show cdp neighbor
cisco_ios,log,show cdp neighbor detail
cisco_xe,cfg,show run
cisco_xe,log,show interface
cisco_xe,log,show interface summary
cisco_xe,log,show interface status
cisco_xe,log,show ip interface brief
cisco_xe,log,show version
cisco_xe,log,show inventory
cisco_xe,log,show vlan brief
cisco_xe,log,show switch detail
cisco_xe,log,show mac address-table
cisco_xe,log,show spanning-tree
cisco_xe,log,show spanning-tree summary
cisco_xe,log,show spanning-tree root
cisco_xe,log,show spanning-tree detail
cisco_xe,log,show cdp neighbor
cisco_xe,log,show cdp neighbor detail
cisco_xr,cfg,show run
cisco_xr,log,show interface
cisco_xr,log,show interface summary
cisco_xr,log,show interface status
cisco_xr,log,show ip interface brief
cisco_xr,log,show version
cisco_xr,log,show inventory
cisco_xr,log,show cdp neighbor
cisco_xr,log,show cdp neighbor detail
cisco_nxos,cfg,show run
cisco_nxos,log,show interface
cisco_nxos,log,show interface brief
cisco_nxos,log,show interface status
cisco_nxos,log,show ip interface brief
cisco_nxos,log,show version
cisco_nxos,log,show inventory
cisco_nxos,log,show vlan brief
cisco_nxos,log,show mac address-table
cisco_nxos,log,show cdp neighbor
cisco_nxos,log,show cdp neighbor detail
juniper_junos,cfg,show configuration
juniper_junos,cfg,show configuration | display set
juniper_junos,log,show version
juniper_junos,log,show chassis hardware
juniper_junos,log,show ethernet-switching table
juniper_junos,log,show vlans operational
juniper_junos,log,show vlans
juniper_junos,log,show chassis environment
juniper_junos,log,show interfaces
juniper_junos,log,show interfaces terse
juniper_junos,log,show spanning-tree bridge
juniper_junos,log,show spanning-tree interface
arista_eos,cfg,show running-config
arista_eos,log,show inventory
arista_eos,log,show version
arista_eos,log,show interface
arista_eos,log,show interface vlans
arista_eos,log,show interface status
arista_eos,log,show interface switchport
arista_eos,log,show ip interface brief
arista_eos,log,show vlan
arista_eos,log,show vlan summary
arista_eos,log,show mac address-table